<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd" []>
<concept id="concept_ejx_bxz_dhb">
  <title>Ryffine Migration Readiness Assessment</title>
  <conbody>
    <p>Are you ready for migration?  Please fill out the form below and then
    right click anywhere, select <uicontrol>save page as</uicontrol> to save
    the completed form to a file. Please email that file to:
       <xref href="mailto:bill.gearhart@ryffine.com">Bill</xref></p>
    <p>Source file format and size:
      <ol>
        <li>DITA
          <p id="nDitaTopics">number of topics:
          </p>
          <p id="nDitaPages">number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>XML
          <p id="nXmlTopics">number of topics:
          </p>
          <p id="nXmlPages">number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>html
          <p id="nHtmlTopics">number of topics:
          </p>
          <p id="nHtmlPages">number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>mif
          <p id="nMifPages">number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>rtf
          <p id="nRtfPages">number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>PDF
          <p id="nPDFPages">number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>MS Word
          <p id="nWordPages">number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>MS Excel
          <p id="nExcellRows">number of rows:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li id="nCsvRows">csv
          <p>number of rows:
          </p>
        </li>
        <li>OTHER
          <p id="otherType">Specify:
          </p>
          <p id="nOtherType">Number of pages:
          </p>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </p>

    <p>Files can be delivered in a readable format (text-based if at all possible) (also list
            the source format to which export can be made to one of these formats):
      <ul id="deliveryformat">
        <li>xml</li>
        <li>html</li>
        <li>mif</li>
        <li>rtf</li>
        <li>Word</li>
        <li>PDF</li>
        <li>Excel</li>
        <li>csv</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Break topics at this heading level:
      <ul id="headerBreakLevel">
        <li>h1</li>
        <li>h2</li>
        <li>h3</li>
        <li>h4</li>
        <li>h5</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Are images embedded or included by reference?
      <ul id="ImageInclusion">
        <li>Embedded</li>
        <li>Reference</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Image source file format
      <ol id="ImageFormat">
        <li>PNG</li>
        <li>GIF</li>
        <li>BMP</li>
        <li>SVG</li>
        <li>PDF</li>
        <li>Other (specify):</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>Convert images to svg?
      <ul id="convertImagesToSvg">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Files are complete with no file references missing
      <ul id="completeCorpusNoMissingRefs">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
        <li>Unknown</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Entire set of files to be migrated are provided up front.
      <ul id="completeCorpusNoMissingFiles">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
        <li>Unknown</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p id="poc">If a POC, files are representative of complete set, and customer provides at least the square root of total number for POC.</p>
    <p>Files can be placed directly into s3 or git in an unzipped format
      <ul id="receiveFilesAt">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
        <li>Unknown</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Which DTD set do you use in the source? Are they public or private?</p>
    <ol id="dtdSet">
      <li>DITA 1.2</li>
      <li>DITA 1.3</li>
      <li>docbook</li>
      <li>SGML</li>
      <li>XML custom</li>
      <li>Unknown</li>
    </ol>
    <p>Were files exported from a CMS?
      <ul id="exportedFromCms">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
        <li>Unknown</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>If yes, are they complete?
      <ul  id="exportedFromCmsCompletely">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
        <li>Unknown</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Do you want images to be normalized?
      <ul>
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Do you want topics to be normalized?
      <ul>
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Specify target file naming standard:
      <ul id="fileNamingStandard">
        <li>GBStandard</li>
        <li>Unknown</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Will you provide a resource to review interim results and help to refine the conversion?
      <ul id="laura">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Are there any angle brackets, blanks, ampersands, quotes, dashes, hashes, unicode characters or  zero width spaces in your file names?
      <ul id="weirdCharactersPresentInfileNames">
        <li>Yes</li>
        <li>No</li>
        <li>Unknown</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p id="fileNameLengthLongest">What is the length of your longest file name?</p>
    <p id="fileNameLengthAverage">What is the approximate length of your average file name?</p>
    <p id="fileContentLongest">What is the length of your longest file content?</p>
    <p id="fileContentAverage">What is the approximate length of your average file content?</p>
    <p id="outputStructure">Do you want a single output folder or structured output folders?</p>
    <p id="stepsAndSubstepsOrJustSteps">Break nested numbered lists into steps and substeps or just steps?</p>
    <section><title>About this document</title></section>
      <p>This document was prepared from 100% pure L[Dita], you can see its source at:
       <xref format="html" scope="external" href="http://philiprbrenan.github.io/c_MigrationAssessmentSalesforce2.dita_"/>
      </p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
